doc: Tutorials for preliminaries and initial setup (#765)
viur-framework/viur-core: docs/doc_tutorial/basic/15_enable_google_login.rst

ViUR and Google Auth
####################

> This changes took effect on ViUR 3.3.5 if you are usig a prior version, you need to handle it otherwise.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This changes took effect on ViUR >=3.3. In case you're using a prior version, you need to handle it differently.

```

1. Open the Google Cloud Console website as an admin user
2. Open the `API & Services OAuth conset screen <https://console.cloud.google.com/apis/credentials/consent>`_ menu
3. Declare your user type and click the "Create" button
4. Fill in the App information "Save and Continue"
5. Click the Button "Add or Remove Scopes" and choose the following scopes:
    (a) *../auth/userinfo.mail*
    (b) *../auth/userinfo.profile*
    (c) *openid*

.. Note::

>     Those Scopes are the generall Scopes to get user information

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Those scopes are the general scopes to get user information

```
